add text from website to README.md (#1375)
semanticarts/gist: docs/release_notes/1349-add-website-text-to-readme.md

### Patch

> - Expanded `README.md` using text from SA website. Issue [#1349](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1349).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expanded `README.md` to provide additional information about gist and its design features. Issue [#1349](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1349).
```
